# Node.js LTS WG Minutes - 2016-02-22

## Attendees:
* Michael Dawson/ @mhdawson
* Myles Borins / @TheAlphaNerd
* Kat / @zkat
* Jeremiah / @Fishrock123

## Agenda:

* Round table
* Issues marked with lts-agenda
* Other discussion

## Round table

Kat - continuing 2.x releases, nothing major coming down the pipe.  If upgraded to Node 6.X, after latest update to npm 2.x it would still be ok (ie 2.x will work in 6.x).  3.x just pushed today to master should fix npm in master.  Latest version of npm coming this friday for LTS should help resolve Windows long path issues.

Myles - working on 4.4 release candidate. New RC this afternoon.  5.7 is going out tonight and we might pull a few more changes after they mature in 5.7 for a week.

Michael - Sniff tested out PPC LE for 4.4 RC 

Jeremiah - Nothing specifically LTS related.  Looking for discussion on Timers refactor to see if it can make it into LTS (4007 on Node repo)

## Issues marked lts-agenda

### nodejs/node-v0.x-archive

### nodejs/node

### nodejs/lts

#### RC awareness/testing (https://github.com/nodejs/LTS/issues/78)

##### RC awareness

would a callout to organizations through blog or email work ?  Possibly an LTS users email ? Or maybe a github issue ?  Continue discussion in github repo.

##### RC testing  

In terms of testing for native modules Michael D had to point to a different level of headers to be able to build native module.  Myles confirmed he saw the same issue and will work to resolve.  Issue is because its looking for headers with "dist" in the path and the rc has "rc" in the path intead.

## Other discussion 

### Timer refactoring (https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/4007)

Discussion on whether this can go into LTS.  Conclusion was we want more input, not a rush so will mark as
lts-agenda and discuss next time when we have a bigger group and in particular Rodd/James

## Next Meeting:

James to schedule in March.
